c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Blobs.exe.config
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Blobs.exe
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Blobs.pdb
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/System.Spatial.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/System.Spatial.xml
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/de/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/es/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/fr/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/it/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ja/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ko/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ru/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hans/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hant/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/de/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/es/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/fr/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/it/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ja/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ko/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ru/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hans/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hant/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/de/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/es/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/fr/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/it/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ja/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ko/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ru/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hans/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hant/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/de/System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/es/System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/fr/System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/it/System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ja/System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ko/System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ru/System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hans/System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hant/System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/obj/Debug/Blobs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/obj/Debug/Blobs.exe
c:/users/scott/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/Blobs/Blobs/obj/Debug/Blobs.pdb
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Blobs.exe.config
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Blobs.exe
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Blobs.pdb
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/System.Spatial.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/System.Spatial.xml
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/de/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/es/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/fr/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/it/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ja/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ko/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ru/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hans/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hant/Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/de/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/es/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/fr/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/it/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ja/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ko/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ru/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hans/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hant/Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/de/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/es/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/fr/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/it/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ja/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ko/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ru/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hans/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hant/Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/de/System.Spatial.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/es/System.Spatial.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/fr/System.Spatial.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/it/System.Spatial.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ja/System.Spatial.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ko/System.Spatial.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/ru/System.Spatial.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hans/System.Spatial.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/bin/Debug/zh-Hant/System.Spatial.resources.dll
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/obj/Debug/Blobs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/obj/Debug/Blobs.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/obj/Debug/Blobs.exe
/Users/jasraj/Downloads/Blobs/Blobs/obj/Debug/Blobs.pdb
